it has a big bulbous head beady black
eyes and eight squirming tentacles
it's the octopus many would call it ugly
and disgusting the one thing they
wouldn't call it is dinner but in Korea
octopus is considered a delicious treat
and there's one popular way of eating it
that doesn't require a recipe they don't
cook this eight-legged Beast they don't
even kill it they eat it alive
with eight arms and over a thousand
suckers the octopus is a mouthful
this meal won't go down without a fight
but sometimes it's not just difficult
it's deadly doctor that ago you buddy
Delgado
what happened to me was I was trying to
eat it whole and a piece of tentacle got
stuck between my teeth
and I choked on it the vendor lived to
tell the tale
but others haven't been so fortunate so
why would anyone eat a dish so slimy and
deadly it's simple Koreans believe
eating live octopus is a surefire way to
build strength and stamina that's why
some who practice the ancient martial
art of kendo loved to eat it kendo
demands concentration and endurance but
one of these students is at a
disadvantage American Engram Jones has
never experienced this boost from live
octopi tonight Ingram is determined to
prove his courage and swallow the deadly
meal
actually I was taught for America if
it's alive don't eat it I come to Korea
and it's alive and they eat it
Ingram watches carefully to learn the
technique this is how you do it this is
how you eat it
this is the method they wrapped the live
octopus around the chopsticks come on
back yeah he's gonna eat the whole thing
put it in their mouths and hope their
jaws are stronger than its tentacles all
right now it's Ingram's turn that's kind
of big
[Music]
invites the grasping tentacles as their
powerful suckers sticks his tongue teeth
and the inside of his mouth yeah why not
hurry climb
no he's had enough Ingram may be a great
kendo fighter but he's no match for the
October's jewing is not the problem the
problem is swallowing it because it's so
slimy and it sticks to your tongue
so it's hard to swallow when it's
sticking to your tongue it's very
difficult sorry guys
I tried Ingram is left with a new
appreciation for the courage of his
Korean friends their brain they're very
brave
I think they're very brave and he's also
gained a healthy respect for the
tenacity of the octopus